
There was there were there was a moment that I wasn't proud of. And
I'm still kind of shocked that I got so upset about this
situation. There's an underlying level of racism in Japan that is well
known and not often talked about in my circles, at least. But I guess
I'll tell the whole story. I was looking at a guy's tractor as that
sounds weird, and I guess it was weird for him. But I was I was
literally standing on the sidewalk next to the highway and saw this
tractor. As I was walking, I was like, Huh, that's a cool tractor,
like some kind of a looks like a giant push lawnmower or has a curved,
curved spiral blades. And I was like, wow, that's neat. And so I
didn't touch it didn't take a picture. We're just looking at it. I
mean, doodles came up. I hadn't seen him at first because he was in
his yard. About 20 meters away. And he came up, he's like, you know, I
kind of didn't really make a word like I was in headphones at that
point. But I forgot my headphones. I was like, can you chew up? And he
said, he said in Japanese, I don't speak English. And I'm like, dude,
I didn't speak English to you. He says in my head, but I was so
angry. I was like, Konichiwa again in Japanese. He's, I don't speak
English. I'm like, Oh my God. What? So? Apparently, this happens in
other countries as well. I heard of, like, Mexican American friend of
mine in Mexico. Looks more American than Mexican, I guess. More likely
anyway. They're like, Ah, you know, I don't speak English in
Spanish. And he's like, dude, I'm not speaking is I'm not speaking
fucking English. And so I get I mean, it helps me not be racist
against Japanese people for this thing. But why does this happen? I
felt really angry is one of my things is about being heard or not
being heard. And I certainly wasn't I didn't feel heard in that
moment. I'm speaking a basic greeting to him in Japanese. And he's Oh,
I don't speak English. who felt so angry? And I'm surprised at how
angry I felt in that moment. I guess because I was tired, I guess
because this or that as long as I walk and I wasn't doing anything out
of the ordinary, but what we had was very out of the ordinary. I
wasn't doing anything from his point of view. I don't know. Who
knows. Like, I don't I don't know. It was it was fucking weird. I
guess I was. I was like a bedraggled bunny. You know, weird white guy
looking at his tractor, but man. Talking guy just use your
ears. Anyway. There were also very even that same day is when I
received two cards. Let me start this story over. Um, I was on a
river. No, no, no. I was walking across a river. Just before I go. I
gotta find the date of this thing. As I have sketched out on the
website. We're gonna find this kind of quick. 18 pages so far. Oh, I
know what's going what's wrong here. Dang it. Some of the pictures are
on Instagram and some are not. But that's Mrs. Snake. Um, anyway, so
we're walking across a bridge and a A guy there it is. All right. I do
have it on my website. This is day 19.

Walking to Oji Park Hotel, which was quite boring, but Okay, so yeah,
the day I went to conduct pizza. Yeah, there was a double cool, crazy
thing. Um, so I walked out guys, okay, I walked past a pizza place
that was closed and I was like, Huh, I wonder if I can find a pizza
place that's open and look on the map. And found one in fact, oh,
okay, there's pizza place and compare it to my hotels. I Oh, it's a
half kilometer away from my hotel. Like, I'm no cancel and not gonna
not gonna do that. So I kept walking toward the hotel. And like, I'm
sure I reset my map to the hotel, then had a house walking across a
river. Let me see if I can. And that's how I had pizza tonight. I was
walking across the Oh, I don't have Okay, so it must have been the
shinano River shinano gawa. This is not zooming very well. Okay, so
I'm on Google Maps here at the same time. I'm recording this. I don't
see what river it could have been. It must have been the shinano River
anyway. I don't see where Oh, okay. That's it. Oh, geo Park Hotel. So
it's correct. All right. Anyway. Oh, that's the problem. So it was
here. Okay. Got it. So I was walking across the river. And a guy came
up to me. And he's like, hello. And like in Japanese, he's talking to
me in Japanese. Thankfully, this is after this is the same day that
the guy was like, get away from my tractor. And in it doesn't speak
English. So this guy was talking to me, and greeted me very nicely on
the bridge. And he was sharing stories with me about the river and
said, as I asked him some questions, I was like, well, what's, what's
that over there? And he, he was telling me like, Well, back in the
day, when they there were a lot more ships in the river. That was a
place that they were basically charging tax for people to use the
river. And so it was a it was an old weird, not weird as an old style
house, there's like, right on the edge of the river. And like, dude,
who would live there is Oh, that was the tax collectors place. Like,
wow, that's neat. And then he's like, because back in the day, the the
there was a lot more river traffic than there is now. And they had to
go from this place to that area. And these guys set up at the fork of
the river here. And could like cover both rivers or something. Anyway,
it was just it was a lovely amount of detail. I got about 80% of what
he was saying but I couldn't possibly like ask him particularly smart
questions that were just beyond my level of Japanese to speak to that
level but I could kinda sort of understand what he was saying. And so
here's what you need to to be speaking with him. And so we talked for
easily 1015 minutes and he was asking me where I was walking where I
was staying as oh just right up here at the at the the whatever the
hotel is called. And orgy I can't read it. Anyway. It's only read the
ojio Hotel. So brain. Oh, so he gave me a he showed me two cards that
he got from the

he got from a shrine. And the he said, Yeah, go ahead and choose a
card. And these are blessing cards or something that to give you good
luck, as well, thanks. I chose a purple one. Then I gave him my card,
which is like, you know, barefoot walking across Japan and all
that. And it says about that helping to reduce the suicide rate on the
back. And he, he was like, Wow, cool. Take both cards, please. So he
gave me the other card. Because it was like, apparently inspiring for
him. They're here to read about the walk on my card. Because I had to
mention, I had mentioned Corona as a people during Corona time,
there's a higher suicide rates and all that. He's like, dude, and he
gave me the other card, which is a COVID protection card. And it has
the Japanese COVID protection character drawn on it. So that was a
really sweet interaction to offer that offset the not as sweet
interaction I had with the previous person. But anyway, Jia
parkhotel. So yeah, the cards are there. And so then, as Okay, thank
you and see you and bless you and then then left and walked the rest
of the way to the hotel. And I couldn't find it. I was like, should be
right here. And as I looked over here, like near is it around the
underside of the buildings, and no came back over here. And I was
like, oh, there's a pizza place right here. Why didn't that show up on
my map? Because it's open. And it's and I had just searched for it
near my hotel. I looked down on my map, it was like that. This is the
pizza place that you decided not to go to before. And I was like, Ah,
oh my god, you know, so I guess I'm gonna have pizza. So I went Sorry,
I went inside as a Hey, you know? It was Yeah, so it was it was a
great pizza. And I said load up all the cheeses that that you have and
he just made me like it was in the in the CI that the edge. Sorry the
cheese went right up to the edge of the pizza is really dense with
cheese like blue cheese and yellow cheese and white cheese and all
these cheeses handmade. So it was just a great and lovely pizza looks
really happy. And it says on the the website says I bought a large
pizza of which I'll eat half this is written in future tense. I'll eat
half and say the rest for tomorrow. Dude, I Chow that whole fucking
thing. I was like, This is delicious. I fucking ate the whole
thing. It was so great. Huh? Yeah, it was it was it was
delicious. Anyway, it was delicious pizza. It was really really
good. Really glad that I was guided to there by the by blindly
following the map. So that was good. And what else what else? So that
anyway, that's how I had pizza on that on that day. So other like cool
stuff. Like, gosh, there was so many different interesting things. Let
me answer this on either the questions the key takeaways. go
alone. That's one key takeaway not nothing matters. What's the gift
the gift was the gifts were that

I was supported on the walk. People were inspired by the walk. It was
easier to do than I expected. I made it hard on myself by doing the
Barefoot version, or pushing the Barefoot version as much as
possible. But

like it was, it was easy. It was really, it was really, really hard
and easy. I'm not I don't know how to explain it much. But maybe
because I had done so much pre planning that made it easy that I knew
where to go. And I had all of that laid out a framework for it. So,
and there's a convenience store, everywhere in Japan, even in the
places where there weren't convenient stores. They weren't that far
away. I never had to really go hungry. I mean, the worst is I wasn't
sure if I could pee in this area or not. Like is anyone going to care
if I pee underneath the train tracks of the the joetsu line? That's
the Shinkansen line. But there, I saw what really looked like an
outhouse right on one of the rivers that just apparently just dumped
right into the river. So that was a bit bizarre. To see that it was
flowing right through rice paddies and such. I'll have to ask what
that is. See if it get a confirmation that it's an outhouse. The door
was locked. But anyway,

from one day of the walk, the route was like literally, straight. 14
kilometers along the straight Shinkansen line. This hotel to that
hotel I was of the English garden to the next one, which I don't
remember the name I let's see, I guess would be day for the map here.

No, that's not Anyway, there was a day of just like straight straight,
straight, straight straight. And that was that was it was after this
one. Anyway, maybe they 20 have no idea.

So yeah, I'm still.

Yeah, still kind of figuring out what happened. My friend Robert
Golden pointed out that it's, I'm not I'm not supposed to know what
happened or what, what I was saying that all of my friends talked
about being inspired and, and like, not knowing what the ripples may
be. And Robert added that I'm not supposed to know. And that helped in
a way to

Yeah, it helped. I'm not supposed to know it doesn't matter. So I'm
going to pop this up onto the get it transcribed and continue next one
in a second.

