	From: 	  tmbgisrock55@yahoo.com
	Subject: 	Re: SF
	Date: 	  29  March 2004</p>
	To: 	  rob@robnugen.com

Mr. Rob's terms are entirely satisfactory to Mr.
Philip.  Following is, to the best of Mr. Philip's
knowledge, the complete and unabridged interpretive
history of SF.  Following that are the current rules
under which Mr. Philip plays, which to Mr. Philip's
knowledge, are the complete and pure rules descending
from SF's inception.

	SF, according to oral tradition, began in the late
summer of 1929, when a group of young scholarly men
(now known as the The Eleven) gathered at the Sigma
Chi fraternity house on the campus of Dartmouth
College in Hanover, NH.  Slightly inebriated from a
night of drinking, the brothers began composing a
game, which initially, was solely for the initiation
and confusion of prospective members.  They began
while operating under three major focuses:

1.  That the game require an excellent command of the
English language, and that the rules and methods of
the game would necessitate the exercise of such
skills.

2.  That the game require a variety of penalties for
usurpations of the rules of the game, both for the
discipline of the offending member and the general
amusement of the group.

3.  That the game be shrouded in veil of mystery and
secrecy, with numerous cult-like rituals, becoming its
position as an integral part of fraternity life and
also as a means to make the game that much more
diverting.

	According to oral tradition, the brothers composed
the game even before playing it, speaking volumes to
its' nature as a thoroughly deliberated and carefully
constructed entity.  For 20 years, the game remained
as a Dartmouth-only tradition, with 8 to 18 brothers
gathering at the Sigma Chi house monthly for a long,
long night of play.  Then, in 1959, the Dartmouth
chapter president took the game to the National Sigma
Chi conference.  There, he taught other various
presidents the game, and attested to the hilarity and
amusement that it provided.  From there, the game went
out to nearly every Sigma Chi chapter in the country.

	From this point on, the dispersal of the game
depended upon the fraternity chapter in question, and
the action of the 1959 Dartmouth Sigma Chi president
is hotly debated among SF players today, concerning
whether it was good for the game to be so widely
dispersed and thus open to so many adulterations and
lackadaisical enforcements.  However, it is undebated
that had Dartmouth's president not undertaken his work
of SF evangelization, very few, if any, people would
be playing the game today.  Like many events in
history, the very thing he was trying to save could
have been destroyed had he kept it at Dartmouth.  

	I personally learned of the game from an individual I
encountered at a youth event in 1999.  He was a
graduate of the illustrious Hampden-Sydney College,
which resides in my home state, and was a Sigma Chi
brother there.  H-SC (Hampden-Sydney College) is
widely renowned among Sigma Chi chapters as being one
of the most strict and, therefore, fun chapters with
which to play SF.  He, in turn, had taught the youth
group he was a leader in how to play, and it remained
a closely guarded youth group secret, even between
member of the youth group and other leaders, for
years.  I was invited after coincidentally eating
lunch with this group.  Unbeknownst to me, they needed
some extra players and were evaluating me as a
potential SF candidate.  I was later invited to join
their game, and it has now spread to my own youth
group, with due respect for all the noble traditions
it entails.  For the following explication, I am going
to skip all the oaths, soliloquies, and various and
sundry other orations prior to the explicating of the
rules of the passing of the football.

THE OFFICIAL &#931;&#935; SF RULES:

Moves:
1.  the shmee.  Palm of right arm clasped to back of
head, elbow pointed at and eye contact made with
recipient.  Ball passed immediately to recipient. 
Shmees may not be made thrice in a row.

2.  the shrug.  A simple shrug utilizing both
shoulders.  Passes ball directly back to he who passed
it to shrugger.  Shrugs may not be made thrice in a
row.

3.  the shwack.  Right palm briskly strikes left knee.
 Moves ball one space to passer's right.  Shwacks may
not be made thrice in a row.

4.  the double shwack.  Right palm briskly strikes
left knee twice sequentially.  Moves ball two spaces
to passer's right.  May not be made thrice in a row. 
Also illegal are the third parts of  "shwack
sandwiches," for example, a shwack may be followed by
a double shwack, but that double shwack may not then
be followed by a shwack, and vice versa.

5.  the shmiggle.  Left hand grabs nose, forearm
vertical to ground.  Right hand grabs left wrist at
90-degree angle.  Moves ball two spaces to the left of
he who passed it to shmiggler.

6.  the shwaggle.  Both palms placed on corresponding
left and right breasts.  Hands are moved in oppositely
rotating circles upon breasts while shoulders gyrate
along with palms.  Moves ball four places to the right
of he who passed ball to shwaggler.

	If at any time any player interferes with the game by
making an error, one or more players raise their
hand(s) and alert the leader of the game, known as the
Commissioner.  The group as a whole then decides on an
appropriate punishment, often made up by a
particularly creative group member.  Some basic
punishments used with amateur players and at the
beginning of games are as follows:

The Group One:  Punishee bends over, knees straight,
palms on floor.  Punisher briskly strikes posterior of
punishee one or more times.

The Mongolian Dance:  Punishee enacts an outrageous
and highly uncomfortable and exceedingly amusing
routine of fabricated bodily gyrations.  Best executed
with two or more punishees.  

Slappy's Fried Bacon:  Punishee removes shirt and lies
on stomach.  Punisher briskly strikes exposed back of
said punishee, who most squirm and wriggle throughout
the punishment.  Variation for a more serious offense:
Slappy's Fried Bacon Sunny Side Up.  Punishment
identical except it is performed on punishee's belly.

The Deadleg:  Punishee sits with thighs parallel to
and touching ground.  Punisher then strongly strikes
one thigh of his choice with fist on a vertical path.

The Finelli:  Punishee must sit through prescribed
number of rounds while keeping his own sock(s) in
mouth.

The Gauntlet:  All players line up facing same
direction.  Punishee crawls through legs of said
players, who all strike him briskly on the posterior. 
Often accompanied by a silly rhyme or song projected
by the punishee.

The Nolan:  Strongest player briskly hurls a ball at
the backside of punishee, who stands against a wall.

Ballroom Boxer Dancing:  Two punishees required; both
disrobe to underwear, and dance in an elegant, loping
manner about the room, as befits a ballroom.

	Needless to say, Mr. Rob, these very brief
explication represents only the very basic and
rudimentary punishments.  In my experience, the
punishments become even more outrageous and amusing as
the night wears on.  I trust you both to fulfill your
end of the obligation by terminating access to your SF
page(s) and to respect my beliefs concerning SF by
immediately destroying this copy of SF explication
(which is by no means complete concerning game play
and is thoroughly contained herein concerning history)
and refraining from making any copies, be they written
or digital.  Best of luck to you in all your SF
endeavors.

I trust this will be the last of any correspondence
between us.  It is as if it never occurred.  If ever
questioned concerning this you can be assured I will
deny any and all knowledge of any correspondence
between us, regardless of the cost.  Be assured, Mr.
Rob, I would die for this game.

--- Rob Nugen <rob@robnugen.com> wrote:
Mr Philip

Mr Philip's proposal regarding Silent Football (SF) has been
acknowledged by Mr Rob.  Mr Rob, being curious about Mr Philip's
alleged knowledge of the full and complete history of SFs creation and
development, has removed the link to the aforementioned SF information
on Mr Rob's website.  While the information itself is intact, a fact
which Mr Philip may find disheartening, Mr Rob posits that such
information has already been cached by the wonderful web search engine
named, if Mr Rob may, Mr Google (1), which Mr Rob further believes is
how Mr Philip came to find Mr Rob's SF information in the first place.
Mr Rob therefore suggests that leaving the information intact on Mr
Rob's website while disengaging the links on Mr Rob's website to Mr
Rob's SF information causes Mr Rob's SF information to be less
available than Mr Google's cached copy of Mr Rob's SF information, and
therefore less threatening than Mr Google toward Mr Philip's beliefs
about the importance of not writing the rules of SF down in any
medium.

  Mr Rob admits that Mr Rob has presupposed that Mr Philip does not
know Mr Google well enough to request that Mr Google remove
information that Mr Google has already cached.

Having effectively removed the rules from Mr Rob's website, Mr Rob
requests that Mr Philip effectively present Mr Rob with information
regarding "the full and complete history of the game's creation and
development."  Mr Rob encourages Mr Philip to include sufficient
information so that Mr Rob may truly know that the full and complete
history of SF has been given to Mr Rob via Mr Philip, or Mr Rob may
freely, and without recrimination from Mr Philip or any of Mr Philip's
associates, be allowed to restore the links to Mr Rob's SF information
on Mr Rob's website.

	Mr Rob

(1)  

http://216.239.57.104/search?q=cache:bslfsLw73WcJ:www.robnugen.com/yruu/sf/index.shtml+silent+football+rules&hl=en&lr=lang_en|lang_ja&ie=UTF-8

On 2004/03/24, at 9:18, Philip Donaldson wrote:

Greetings.

<snip>

If you
agree to remove the rules of SF from your website,
leaving only the vaguest and obscure references to
it,
I will transcribe to you the full and complete
history
of the game's creation and development.
Eagerly awaiting your reply,
	Fellow SF player


-------------------

Greetings.

I am writing to impart to you my mixed feelings
concerning your web page explicating your rules for
Silent Football, or SF.  I myself have been playing
for years, and certainly feel the unspoken unity of SF
players with you.  I, like you, was trained in the
construct of a church entity through youth
conferences, though by means of a different
denomination.  Before I present to you my concerns, it
first behooves me to present to you at least a very
small fraction of the various and sundry differences
our methods of game play present.
First of all, the moves of our two games concerning
the football, while serving near identical functions,
have very different names.  The methods of my
denomination also contain an entire system of highly
complex rules concerning the entirely separate
function of punishments throughout the game for
various mistakes on the part of the players.    I get
the sense also that the game play of my denomination
is significantly more serious than that of Unitarian
churches.  For example, players are not allowed to
laugh or even giggle except during punishments, no
player under any circumstances is allowed to leave the
room until completion of the game, whenever that may
be, and only actual names are used, though with a
formal and deferential twist.  Finally, and most
importantly, the SF play of my denomination explicitly
states that as the single most important rule of SF,
no one must talk about SF.  From the game's inception,
it has remained in the strictest of confidences, which
is why I take such issue to your website presenting a
written history of the game.  The game's secrecy in
itself is a large part of makes its' execution so fun.
 Since its creation, the game has only been passed
down by oral tradition, as exemplified through the
great works of Homer and Plato.  And especially, under
ANY circumstances, NO GIRLS WHATSOEVER are ever
allowed to know even the existence of the game, much
less the rules, even much less actually be allowed to
play.  A bit extreme, perhaps?  Not when the true
origins of the game are made clear.  Let me thoroughly
express myself, though. I am not here to judge or
persecute you for your SF play, whatever it and your
tradition entails, and I believe your system of
wormholes and parallel universes is exceedingly clever
and, to my knowledge, unprecedented in the game's
history.
I have the distinct and honorable fortune of being
trained by a mentor who himself was trained through
the direct lineage of the Creators of the game.  Which
is why I'm prepared to make a little deal.  If you
agree to remove the rules of SF from your website,
leaving only the vaguest and obscure references to it,
I will transcribe to you the full and complete history
of the game's creation and development.
Eagerly awaiting your reply,
	Fellow SF player

