title:      Welcome Pack for SHORTDATE Cuddle Party!

WELCOME!

Thank you so much for RSVPing to our Cuddle Party on EVENT_DAY_MONTH_DATE! Below, you will find everything you’ll need to navigate to the location as well as expectations at this event, and what to wear/bring.

Please read this welcome packet thoroughly, and if you have any questions afterwards, please ask me.  Your questions will help better prepare for our future welcome packets.  For general feedback, an email is fine.  Please call or use LINE for quicker responses.


EXPECTATIONS

This is not a sexual event.

Cuddle Parties are all about trust, coziness, and getting consent from those around you–every step of the way.

Flirting is discouraged and sends the wrong message about the nature of the event.

Innuendos mar the playful, child-like nature of the event.

This is the reason for mandatory screening for all new attendees prior to the event.

If you’re getting this email, congratulations, you passed!

A good rule of thumb: if you would not feel comfortable saying or doing something in front of an eight year-old or your Grandma, please refrain from doing it at the Cuddle Party.


Arrive on time.

You must arrive by the start of the Welcome Circle, which will begin at EVENT_TIME.

Feel free to arrive early: doors open at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME for the event on SHORTDATE.

The Welcome Circle begins the Consent Workshop portion of the Cuddle Party, where we get to know each other and present the rules of Cuddle Party.

If you know you will be late, please text asap, and we might be able to accommodate.  Otherwise, we will close the door when we begin and no one will be admitted after that time.  You are welcome to attend the next event.


What to wear

Clean, comfy clothes!  Sweats, onesies, or pajamas are perfect – nothing risqué.  Think comfortable, NOT sexy.  Whatever you’d wear around your family or children is great.  More drawstrings, less lace.  No shorts, nighties, or cleavage please!  You’re welcome to come in street clothes and change when you arrive.


What to bring

Clean, snuggly, cozy things!  I plan to bring my stuffed rabbit François!

Pillows, blankies, stuffed animals, or cuddle accessories are welcome.

No alcohol or mind-altering substances.  Everyone must be sober to attend.



ETIQUETTE

Hygiene

Please shower the same day, wear deodorant, and brush your teeth.  Bring mints if you think necessary.  Please refrain from wearing strong-smelling fragrances, including cologne, aftershave, perfume, and essential oils, as some guests are sensitive to these.


Personal Space

We welcome all respectful, self-aware people to attend our cuddle parties.

Many come for the cuddles themselves, while others are more curious about the consent aspect and boundary-setting workshop portion of the event.

Please be mindful of your interactions with everyone present.


Personal Accountability

It is everyone’s personal responsibility to keep their interactions consensual and platonic.

All participants must agree that even if they are having strong feelings towards someone, they will not act on those feelings.

Instead, please take personal responsibility by removing yourself from a situation to prevent non-platonic contact with anyone during the event.

If there is any impropriety among any of the guests, we ask that you notify the facilitator or assistant immediately.

If you would like to contact someone after the event, simply offer your contact information and leave it at that.


RULES

During the Welcome Circle we will go through the rules to create a safe, fun environment for people to connect.  This will include explanations and examples that you can put into everyday use.

You can see a preview of the rules at https://cuddleparty.com/cuddle-party-rules/


LOCATION

Yoga Study Center
ヨガ スタディ センター

* 6 minutes walk from JR Kannai Station (North Exit)
* 5 minutes walk from Minatomirai Line Nihon-Odori Station (Exit No.1)

address
〒231-0012
神奈川県横浜市中区相生町２丁目34-1 石井ビル

https://goo.gl/maps/fgtNfkpkGG7FmgWb9

http://www.yogastudycenter.jp/

DONATION

5000 yen suggested donation via

1. TICKET_LINK ,
2. cash, or
3. Furikomi:

三菱東京UFJ銀行
恵比寿支店
普通 1538391
ヌジエン ジュニア ロバート デール


Thank you so much for your support of Cuddle Parties!

If you have any questions before the event, please reach out via email, or LINE.  On the day of the event, feel free to call me at 090-8560-4069.

  Blessings
   - Rob!
